---
layout: post
title:  "Day Three"
date:   2017-06-14 12:53:18 -0700
categories: whole30
---
> One day at a time. This is enough. Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone; and do not be troubled about the future, for it has not yet come. Live in the present, and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering.


**AM**: There was a time when I wanted to take the route of meds. Anything to take this difficulty away. Anything to take away the sense of failure.

Now as I go through this process, I realize what a mistake that would have been. I would be relying on something and someone outside of me instead of myself. What lesson would that teach? For someone who has put themselves in this situation, who has time and time again made the wrong choices, I need to be responsible for this. I got myself into it, I need to get myself out.

That being said, I don’t believe I could do this without Eric doing it alongside me. We are with each other almost every waking moment of life and if he wasn’t doing this with me, the uphill battle would be impossible.

I know there’s so far to go in this 30 day journey. It doesn’t stop there either, it’s just the beginning of being healthy. But now, I need to take it one day at a time, one meal at a time, one moment at a time.

------- 

**PM**: A little sore all over today although I made...

**The best sweet potatoes ever**

2 sweet potatoes, peeled and diced

1 tbsp ghee

1 tbsp coconut oil 

Salt to taste


Toss in cast iron. Cook at 400 for 30-40 minutes, stirring every once in a while.
